again the anger of the Lord was aroused
again the anger of the Lord was aroused against Israel and he moved David
against Israel and he moved David
against Israel and he moved David against them to say go number Israel and
against them to say go number Israel and
against them to say go number Israel and Judah so the king said to Joab the
Judah so the king said to Joab the
Judah so the king said to Joab the commander of the army who was with him
commander of the army who was with him
commander of the army who was with him now go throughout all the tribes of
now go throughout all the tribes of
now go throughout all the tribes of Israel from Dan to Beersheba and count
Israel from Dan to Beersheba and count
Israel from Dan to Beersheba and count the people that I may know the number of
the people that I may know the number of
the people that I may know the number of the people now may the Lord your God add
the people now may the Lord your God add
the people now may the Lord your God add to the people a hundred times more than
to the people a hundred times more than
to the people a hundred times more than there are and may the eyes of my lord
there are and may the eyes of my lord
there are and may the eyes of my lord the King see it but why does my lord the
the King see it but why does my lord the
the King see it but why does my lord the King desire this thing
King desire this thing
King desire this thing nevertheless the Kings word prevailed
nevertheless the Kings word prevailed
nevertheless the Kings word prevailed against Joab and against the captains of
against Joab and against the captains of
against Joab and against the captains of the army therefore Joab and the captains
the army therefore Joab and the captains
the army therefore Joab and the captains of the army went out from the presence
of the army went out from the presence
of the army went out from the presence of the King to count the people of
of the King to count the people of
of the King to count the people of Israel and they crossed over the Jordan
Israel and they crossed over the Jordan
Israel and they crossed over the Jordan and camped in a row on the right side of
and camped in a row on the right side of
and camped in a row on the right side of the town which is in the midst of the
the town which is in the midst of the
the town which is in the midst of the ravine of God and toward Jason then they
ravine of God and toward Jason then they
ravine of God and toward Jason then they came to Gilead and to the land of Totten
came to Gilead and to the land of Totten
came to Gilead and to the land of Totten Hajj Chou they came to Dantean and
Hajj Chou they came to Dantean and
Hajj Chou they came to Dantean and around Sidon and they came to the
around Sidon and they came to the
around Sidon and they came to the stronghold of Tyre and to all the cities
stronghold of Tyre and to all the cities
stronghold of Tyre and to all the cities of the highlights and the Canaanites
of the highlights and the Canaanites
of the highlights and the Canaanites then they went out to south Judah as far
then they went out to south Judah as far
then they went out to south Judah as far as be a Sheba so when they had gone
as be a Sheba so when they had gone
as be a Sheba so when they had gone through all the land they came to
through all the land they came to
through all the land they came to Jerusalem at the end of nine months and
Jerusalem at the end of nine months and
Jerusalem at the end of nine months and 20 days then Joab gave the sum of the
20 days then Joab gave the sum of the
20 days then Joab gave the sum of the number of the people to the king
number of the people to the king
number of the people to the king and there were in Israel 800,000 valiant
and there were in Israel 800,000 valiant
and there were in Israel 800,000 valiant men who drew the sword and the men of
men who drew the sword and the men of
men who drew the sword and the men of Judah were five hundred thousand men and
Judah were five hundred thousand men and
Judah were five hundred thousand men and David's heart condemned him after he had
David's heart condemned him after he had
David's heart condemned him after he had numbered the people so David said to the
numbered the people so David said to the
numbered the people so David said to the Lord I have sinned greatly in what I
Lord I have sinned greatly in what I
Lord I have sinned greatly in what I have done but now I pray O Lord take
have done but now I pray O Lord take
have done but now I pray O Lord take away the iniquity of your servant for I
away the iniquity of your servant for I
away the iniquity of your servant for I have done very foolishly now when David
have done very foolishly now when David
have done very foolishly now when David arose in the morning the word of the
arose in the morning the word of the
arose in the morning the word of the Lord came to the Prophet Gant David seer
Lord came to the Prophet Gant David seer
Lord came to the Prophet Gant David seer go and tell David thus says the Lord I
go and tell David thus says the Lord I
go and tell David thus says the Lord I offer you three things choose one of
offer you three things choose one of
offer you three things choose one of them for yourself that I may do it to
them for yourself that I may do it to
them for yourself that I may do it to you so GAD came to David and tow them
you so GAD came to David and tow them
you so GAD came to David and tow them shall seven years of famine come to you
shall seven years of famine come to you
shall seven years of famine come to you in your land or shall you flee three
in your land or shall you flee three
in your land or shall you flee three months before your enemies while they
months before your enemies while they
months before your enemies while they pursue you or shall there be three days
pursue you or shall there be three days
pursue you or shall there be three days plague in your land now consider and see
plague in your land now consider and see
plague in your land now consider and see what answer I should take back to him
what answer I should take back to him
what answer I should take back to him who sent me I am in great distress
who sent me I am in great distress
who sent me I am in great distress please let us fall into the hand of the
please let us fall into the hand of the
please let us fall into the hand of the Lord praise mercies are great but do not
Lord praise mercies are great but do not
Lord praise mercies are great but do not let me fall into the hand of man so the
let me fall into the hand of man so the
let me fall into the hand of man so the Lord sent a plague upon Israel from the
Lord sent a plague upon Israel from the
Lord sent a plague upon Israel from the morning till the appointed time from Dan
morning till the appointed time from Dan
morning till the appointed time from Dan to Beersheba 70,000 men of the people
to Beersheba 70,000 men of the people
to Beersheba 70,000 men of the people died
died
died when the angel stretched out his hand
when the angel stretched out his hand
when the angel stretched out his hand over Jerusalem to destroy it the Lord
over Jerusalem to destroy it the Lord
over Jerusalem to destroy it the Lord relented from the destruction and said
relented from the destruction and said
relented from the destruction and said to the angel who was destroying the
to the angel who was destroying the
to the angel who was destroying the people it is enough now restrain your
people it is enough now restrain your
people it is enough now restrain your hand and the angel of the Lord was by
hand and the angel of the Lord was by
hand and the angel of the Lord was by the threshing floor of Araunah the
the threshing floor of Araunah the
the threshing floor of Araunah the Jebusite then David spoke to the Lord
Jebusite then David spoke to the Lord
Jebusite then David spoke to the Lord when he saw the angel who was striking
when he saw the angel who was striking
when he saw the angel who was striking the people surely I have sinned and I
the people surely I have sinned and I
the people surely I have sinned and I have done wickedly but these sheep what
have done wickedly but these sheep what
have done wickedly but these sheep what have they done let your hand and I pray
have they done let your hand and I pray
have they done let your hand and I pray be against me and against my father's
be against me and against my father's
be against me and against my father's house and GAD came that day to David and
house and GAD came that day to David and
house and GAD came that day to David and said to him go up erect an altar to the
said to him go up erect an altar to the
said to him go up erect an altar to the Lord on the threshing floor of Araunah
Lord on the threshing floor of Araunah
Lord on the threshing floor of Araunah the Jebusite so David according to the
the Jebusite so David according to the
the Jebusite so David according to the Word of God went up as the LORD
Word of God went up as the LORD
Word of God went up as the LORD commanded now aruna looked and saw the
commanded now aruna looked and saw the
commanded now aruna looked and saw the king and his servants coming toward him
king and his servants coming toward him
king and his servants coming toward him so aruna went out and bowed before the
so aruna went out and bowed before the
so aruna went out and bowed before the king with his face to the ground why has
king with his face to the ground why has
king with his face to the ground why has my lord the king come to his servant to
my lord the king come to his servant to
my lord the king come to his servant to buy the threshing floor from you to
buy the threshing floor from you to
buy the threshing floor from you to build an altar to the Lord that the
build an altar to the Lord that the
build an altar to the Lord that the plague may be withdrawn from the people
plague may be withdrawn from the people
plague may be withdrawn from the people let my lord the king take and offer up
let my lord the king take and offer up
let my lord the king take and offer up whatever seems good to him look in our
whatever seems good to him look in our
whatever seems good to him look in our oxen for burnt sacrifice and threshing
oxen for burnt sacrifice and threshing
oxen for burnt sacrifice and threshing implements and the yokes of the oxen for
implements and the yokes of the oxen for
implements and the yokes of the oxen for wood all these Oh King aruna has given
wood all these Oh King aruna has given
wood all these Oh King aruna has given to the king
to the king
to the king may the Lord your God except you no but
may the Lord your God except you no but
may the Lord your God except you no but I will surely buy it from you for a
I will surely buy it from you for a
I will surely buy it from you for a price nor will I offer burnt offerings
price nor will I offer burnt offerings
price nor will I offer burnt offerings to the Lord my God with that which costs
to the Lord my God with that which costs
to the Lord my God with that which costs me nothing
me nothing
me nothing so David bought the threshing floor and
so David bought the threshing floor and
so David bought the threshing floor and the oxen for fifty shekels of silver and
the oxen for fifty shekels of silver and
the oxen for fifty shekels of silver and David built there an altar to the Lord
David built there an altar to the Lord
David built there an altar to the Lord and offered burnt offerings and peace
and offered burnt offerings and peace
and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings so the Lord heeded the prayers
offerings so the Lord heeded the prayers
offerings so the Lord heeded the prayers for the land
for the land
for the land and the claig was withdrawn from Israel
and the claig was withdrawn from Israel
and the claig was withdrawn from Israel [Music]